# Havoc
#### Video Demo:  [<URL HERE>](https://youtu.be/kchxjLlaOB0)
#### Description:
My project is a web forum called Havoc. It allows users to create an account, create and view threads, post comments under the threads, view past posts and report users. The name Havoc was derived from the messaging app called Discord (Very original), but instead of messaging people you share things on threads. The reason why Havoc fits is because there are minimal community guidlines on the website, so users can mostly whatever they want. The general style of the website uses the bootstrap of Finance, as I think it was very simple and straight to the point. The website consists of four main pages: forums, thread, create, and index. There are also other smaller and more simpler pages that I will leave for later.

Create is a page that allows you to make your own thread. You can input a title and a description. There is also a link to a simple community guidlines page if you want to know if the thread you are making follows the rules although that being few. After your page is created, you can go the "Browse" tab on the navigation bar to view to forums page. Forums is a page that displays a list of threads, in order from newest to oldest, and displaying the simplified date. If you see a thread you'd like to view, you can simply click on the title, and it will bring you to a threads page, with a route specific to the thread_id. Threads is page that displays the thread, with its title uptop, then it's description. Then, below, is a comment box, prompting the user to add their opinion on the subject. Below that, is a scroll box inwich you can scroll through the comments on the thread. There is no "like" state for the comments though, as I think everyone's opinion should be equally displayed, and seeing the likes or dislikes count can make your opinion biased when reading the comment. After you've commented, you can look at the other comments or go view another thread. Index is a page that displays all of your past comments, and provides a link to the thread it was commented on. It shows a depiction of how your post would look to others. This can be used to find a post you commented on before, if you want to see how someone responded.

There are also some other pages on the site, but are not considered main pages because it is either unlikely they will visit it frequently or is realively simple. These pages are: apology (yes, inspiration taken from Finance), register, sign in, report, and guidlines. Apology is very similar to the Finance apology, but is more simplified and styled to my preference. It displays a frowny face with a thumbs down and the error message. Register is a page that has inputs for users to register. There is a username field, email field, and two password field, one for confirmation. The email field is made using bootstrap, and makes sure it is formatted like a regular email. This slot was added because it was recommended by Bootstrap as a mechanism for lowering the amount of bots on the platform, as I want the threads to be unfiltered and only contain real opinions. Sign in is a very simple page. To sign in to the website. Wrong information will prompt an apology, just like every other aspect of this website. Report is a page that is a necessity on all social media platforms, since there are bound to be bad actors. Granted, the rules are few, but report also serves as a method of giving feedback. Finally, the guidlines page. This is just a simple page that shows a paragraph of the guidlines.

Now, for the rest of the files in my project, I organized them is the same manner of the ones in Finance. In the static folder, it contains only the little demon icon that goes next to the webtitle, and the css file.
The css file is pretty simple. It contains some classes and some bootstrap things. The templates folder contains all the template pages mentioned before, aswell as the layout page, which contains the navigation bar, the web title, icon, and the Header, which displays the name of the website. The app.py file contains all the python code for the website and runs sql queries. The data.db file contains all the data of the website. This contains the users, threads, posts, and reports. The last file, besides this one, helper.py contains the apology function and the login_required function, derived from Finance.

Alright, thats my website!! Make an account if you want, but its Havoc in there.
